JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
Donald Trump responds
to a flurry of sexual assault
allegations
weighing down an already
burdened campaign.
Then: after major losses in Iraq
and Syria,
how members of the so-called
Islamic State
are focusing recruitment efforts
on European
criminals to expand their base.
And Bob Dylan receives the Nobel
Prize in
literature.
Jeffrey Brown asks James Taylor,
how does
it feel for the first time to
have a musician
receive the top literary honor?
JAMES TAYLOR, Musician: It is
literature,
and it meant a huge amount.
I think it was world-changing
stuff, or at
least it chronicled the world as
it changed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Republican
presidential candidate
Donald Trump today addressed new
allegations
of sexual misconduct from
multiple accusers,
a narrative that is now
dominating the campaign.
Our Lisa Desjardins reports.
LISA DESJARDINS: It was Trump
the defiant,
Trump perhaps at his most direct
yet.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
These claims are all fabricated.
They are pure fiction and they
are outright
lies.
These events never, ever
happened.
LISA DESJARDINS: In Palm Beach,
Florida, the
Republican nominee denied new
allegations
of sexual misconduct, insisting
he is the
victim of a smear campaign.
DONALD TRUMP: The Clintons are
criminals.
Remember that.
They're criminals.
These attacks are orchestrated
by the Clintons
and their media allies.
LISA DESJARDINS: This after
three new stories
charging sexual misconduct
appeared last night.
A "People" magazine writer
alleged Trump pushed
her against a wall and forcibly
kissed her
in 2005.
A South Florida woman told The
Palm Beach
Post Trump grabbed her from
behind in 2003,
and two women told The New York
Times about
incidents from the 1980s to
2005.
One of those women said Trump
reached up her
skirt on an airplane.
The women all said they are
speaking now because
of this moment in the Sunday's
presidential
debate.
Trump was asked if he'd ever
touched a woman
without her consent.
ANDERSON COOPER, Moderator: So,
for the record,
you're saying you never did
that?
DONALD TRUMP: I have said things
that, frankly,
you hear these things I said.
And I was embarrassed by it.
But I have tremendous respect
for women.
ANDERSON COOPER: Have you ever
done those
things?
DONALD TRUMP: And women have
respect for me.
And I will tell you: No, I have
not.
LISA DESJARDINS: In Florida
today, Trump insisted
he has evidence that his
accusers are lying
and will release it at -- quote
-- "the appropriate
time."
Meanwhile, he expanded his
counterattack list
beyond the Clintons.
DONALD TRUMP: They have
essentially corrupted
the director of the FBI.
This is a conspiracy against
you, the American
people.
And we cannot let this happen or
continue.
LISA DESJARDINS: In New
Hampshire, first lady
Michelle Obama delivered an
impassioned response
to the unprecedented campaign
drama.
MICHELLE OBAMA, First Lady: The
fact is that,
in this election, we have a
candidate for
president of the United States,
who over the
course of his lifetime and
course of campaigning,
has said things about women that
are so shocking,
so demeaning that I simply will
not repeat
anything today.
LISA DESJARDINS: Mrs. Obama said
Trump represents
something frightening.
MICHELLE OBAMA: I can't believe
I'm saying
that a candidate for president
of the United
States has bragged about
sexually assaulting
women.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
Donald Trump responds
to a flurry of sexual assault
allegations
weighing down an already
burdened campaign.
Then: after major losses in Iraq
and Syria,
how members of the so-called
Islamic State
are focusing recruitment efforts
on European
criminals to expand their base.
And Bob Dylan receives the Nobel
Prize in
literature. Jeffrey Brown asks
James Taylor,
how does it feel for the first
time to have
a musician receive the top
literary honor?
JAMES TAYLOR, Musician: It is
literature,
and it meant a huge amount. I
think it was
world-changing stuff, or at
least it chronicled
the world as it changed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Republican
presidential candidate
Donald Trump today addressed new
allegations
of sexual misconduct from
multiple accusers,
a narrative that is now
dominating the campaign.
Our Lisa Desjardins reports.
LISA DESJARDINS: It was Trump
the defiant,
Trump perhaps at his most direct
yet.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
These claims are all fabricated.
They are
pure fiction and they are
outright lies. These
events never, ever happened.
LISA DESJARDINS: In Palm Beach,
Florida, the
Republican nominee denied new
allegations
of sexual misconduct, insisting
he is the
victim of a smear campaign.
DONALD TRUMP: The Clintons are
criminals.
Remember that. They're
criminals. These attacks
are orchestrated by the Clintons
and their
media allies.
LISA DESJARDINS: This after
three new stories
charging sexual misconduct
appeared last night.
A "People" magazine writer
alleged Trump pushed
her against a wall and forcibly
kissed her
in 2005. A South Florida woman
told The Palm
Beach Post Trump grabbed her
from behind in
2003, and two women told The New
York Times
about incidents from the 1980s
to 2005.
One of those women said Trump
reached up her
skirt on an airplane. The women
all said they
are speaking now because of this
moment in
the Sunday's presidential
debate. Trump was
asked if he'd ever touched a
woman without
her consent.
ANDERSON COOPER, Moderator: So,
for the record,
you're saying you never did
that?
DONALD TRUMP: I have said things
that, frankly,
you hear these things I said.
And I was embarrassed
by it. But I have tremendous
respect for women.
ANDERSON COOPER: Have you ever
done those
things?
DONALD TRUMP: And women have
respect for me.
And I will tell you: No, I have
not.
LISA DESJARDINS: In Florida
today, Trump insisted
he has evidence that his
accusers are lying
and will release it at -- quote
-- "the appropriate
time."
Meanwhile, he expanded his
counterattack list
beyond the Clintons.
DONALD TRUMP: They have
essentially corrupted
the director of the FBI. This is
a conspiracy
against you, the American
people. And we cannot
let this happen or continue.
LISA DESJARDINS: In New
Hampshire, first lady
Michelle Obama delivered an
impassioned response
to the unprecedented campaign
drama.
MICHELLE OBAMA, First Lady: The
fact is that,
in this election, we have a
candidate for
president of the United States,
who over the
course of his lifetime and
course of campaigning,
has said things about women that
are so shocking,
so demeaning that I simply will
not repeat
anything today.
LISA DESJARDINS: Mrs. Obama said
Trump represents
something frightening.
MICHELLE OBAMA: I can't believe
I'm saying
that a candidate for president
of the United
States has bragged about
sexually assaulting
women. And I have to tell you
that I -- I
can't stop thinking about this.
It has shaken
me to my core in way that I
could not have
predicted.
LISA DESJARDINS: Hillary Clinton
didn't have
public events today, as she
traveled to California
for fund-raisers. Clinton was in
the headlines,
though, as WikiLeaks released
another 2,000
e-mails purported to be from the
account of
her campaign chairman, John
Podesta.
This latest batch included words
said to be
from an adviser who wrote that
apologies are
Clinton's Achilles' heel.
With just weeks to go, the
presidential race
is not a battle over each
candidates' strengths,
but more than ever an ugly fight
over their
weaknesses.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: The
U.S. carried out retaliatory
strikes against
rebels in Yemen, after they
fired at American
ships earlier this week. The
missiles launched
this morning from the destroyer
the USS Nitze
hit three radar sites along
Yemen's Red Sea
Coast.
A Pentagon spokesman said
President Obama
authorized the strikes. The U.S.
had been
backing the Saudi-led coalition
in Yemen's
civil war, but had yet to target
the Houthi
rebels directly.
PETER COOK, Pentagon Press
Secretary: These
strikes were, again, a response
to threats
to our vessels and to freedom of
navigation,
which is a core U.S. national
security interest.
These strikes are not connected
to the broader
conflict in Yemen. Those who
might threaten
U.S. forces should recognize
that we will
not tolerate threats to our
people. We will
respond if our forces come under
fire.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The rebels' two
failed missile
attacks, yesterday and Sunday,
appeared to
be in reaction to a Saudi-led
strike that
hit a funeral in the Yemeni
capital last week.
The world's longest-reigning
monarch has died.
The king of Thailand passed away
today at
the age of 88, after being in
poor health.
His death plunges that country
into a period
of uncertainty, because of
concerns about
the son who will succeed him.
Jonathan Miller of Independent
Television
News has our report from
Bangkok.
JONATHAN MILLER: Thai TV
stations interrupted
all programs. "The king has
died," the palace
spokesman said. "He has passed
away peacefully."
So comes to an end a reign of 70
years, King
Bhumibol Adulyadej. His name
means the strength
of the land, the incomparable
power. A wave
of grief spread through the
grounds of the
hospital where the king died,
beloved by his
now bereft subjects for his
self-sacrifice,
wisdom, munificence, the only
king most Thais
have ever known.
You can him like a light.
WOMAN: Yes, the only bright
light for Thai
people.
JONATHAN MILLER: So, he was like
a guiding
star.
WOMAN: Yes, something like that.
JONATHAN MILLER: The body of
King Adulyadej
will now be taken to his royal
palace to be
ceremonially bathed. He will lie
for 100 days
in state to allow as many of his
17 million
adoring subjects to come and pay
their respects
as want to come.
He took the throne as an
18-year-old engineering
graduate, the Thai monarchy at a
nadir. For
decades, he traveled the lengths
and breadth
of his country, demonstrating
his concern
for his people. He wielded his
power deftly
and sparingly.
But, in his long twilight, the
looming succession
crisis cast a dark shadow over
his realm.
This, though, is the man who
will be crowned
King Rama X of the Royal House
of Chakri.
It will happen when the time is
right, Thailand's
military leader said tonight.
But 64-year-old Maha
Vajiralongkorn, King
Bhumibol's only son, is not
loved here like
his father. He is feared. He
lacks stature
and respect, and many consider
him reckless.
Tonight, though, Thailand's game
of thrones
is on hold, as a nation marks a
new milestone
and mourns.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Washington,
President Obama
praised the king as a close
friend and valued
partner of many U.S. presidents.
In Nigeria, officials say 21 of
the so-called
Chibok girls kidnapped by Boko
Haram extremists
two years ago have been
released. A presidential
spokesman said the breakthrough
came after
negotiations with the militant
group. All
told, 276 schoolgirls were
abducted; 200 of
them are still missing. We will
have more
on the wider dire situation in
Nigeria later
in the program.
In Syria, there's been no letup
in the assault
on the city of Aleppo. Shelling
and airstrikes
in rebel-held areas left at
least 11 people
dead overnight. Rescue workers
say renewed
bombing there has killed more
than 150 people
this week. Meanwhile, Russian
state TV aired
footage of Syrian government
troops conducting
operations against the
opposition on the northern
edge of Aleppo. And late today,
at least 20
people died in a car bombing
near Syria's
border with Turkey.
Hurricane Nicole barreled into
Bermuda today,
with maximum sustained winds of
115 miles
per hour. The Category 3 storm
peeled roofs
off homes and knocked out power
to more than
26,000 customers across the
British island
territory. Amateur video
captured waves pummeling
the shores, as winds whipped
rain into near
whiteout conditions. The storm
is expected
to weaken in the days ahead.
Back in this country, some
progress was made
for North Carolina residents
still reeling
from Hurricane Matthew. Governor
Pat McCrory
says the number of people
without power is
down to roughly 44,000, from a
peak of 900,000.
Still, many communities remain
underwater.
The floodwaters were expected to
peak in five
counties today. Meanwhile, the
death toll
in the state grew to at least 22
people.
The National Transportation
Safety Board says
that the brakes were working on
the commuter
train that slammed into New
Jersey's Hoboken
terminal. Last month's crash
killed one person
and injured more than a hundred
others. In
a preliminary report,
investigators said they
haven't found any mechanical
issues with the
signal or train control systems.
Heavy damage
to the front of the train is
hampering the
investigation.
There were fresh concerns today
about China's
economy. Chinese exports in
September plunged
10 percent over last year, due
to lower demand.
Imports were also down.
That weak economic data pushed
stocks lower
here. On Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial
average lost 45 points to close
under 18099.
The Nasdaq fell 25, and the S&P
500 slipped
six.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
how new allegations
against Donald Trump could shift
the campaign;
millions of Nigerians displaced
by militants
face another threat, starvation;
a legendary
musician wins the Nobel Prize
for literature;
and much more.
musician wins the Nobel Prize
for literature;
and much more.
We return now to politics and
the fallout
from the latest allegations of
sexual misconduct
against Donald Trump.
We get three views, from Carolyn
Ryan, senior
editor for politics at The New
York Times.
David Maraniss, he's associate
editor at The
Washington Post and a biographer
of Bill Clinton.
And presidential historian Jon
Meacham, he's
the author of "The Destiny of
Power: The American
Odyssey of George Herbert Walker
Bush."
And we welcome all of you to the
program.
Carolyn Ryan, let me start with
you, since
The New York Times has been
reporting on this.
Donald Trump today is saying
this is all lies.
He said he's going to prove that
they're lies.
He said that The New York Times
is in collusion
with the Clinton campaign. Is
The Times completely
confident that these women are
telling the
truth?
CAROLYN RYAN, The New York
Times: Well, a
couple of things on that.
I mean, as you probably know,
the Trump campaign
sent a -- or a lawyer from Mr.
Trump sent
a letter to us this morning
asking both for
an apology and for us to retract
the story.
And our lawyer responded by
saying that we
wouldn't, but also saying that
we believe
that this is an issue of great
national concern
and that we believe the voices
of these women
should be heard, both by our
readers and by
voters.
So, to your broader question of
whether we
believe these women, we do
believe these women.
We reported very extensively on
their stories,
not just interviewing them, but,
as you saw
from their story, interviewing
multiple people
in both cases with whom they had
shared the
story over the years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me turn
to David
and to Jon.
Jon, I will start with you.
I mean, you have spent a number
of years looking
at American politics, campaigns,
presidents.
How does this compare, the
seriousness of
this compare to anything you
have seen in
an American election?
JON MEACHAM, Presidential
Historian: It's
right up there, without
question.
This is almost as though Richard
Hofstadter
wrote "The Paranoid Style in
American Politics,"
but in a Jerry Springer context.
To some extent,
we have reached a point where
really the Republican
campaign is simply not
commensurate with the
challenges and the stakes of the
hour.
We have had negative
campaigning, we have
ferocious campaigning since
1796, which was
the first contested election
between Adams
and Jefferson. But Adams and
Jefferson were
both plausible presidents. We
have reached
a point now, I think, where the
Republican
has largely disqualified himself
from being
seen in the same frame as
Secretary Clinton.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Maraniss,
as somebody
who has reported on Washington
for a long
time -- as we said, you're the
journalist
who knows more about Bill
Clinton than anybody
else -- how does this compare to
anything
you have seen?
DAVID MARANISS, The Washington
Post: Well,
you have to understand, first of
all, that
there is a vast, vast difference
between allegations
of marital infidelity and
allegations of sexual
misconduct or sexual abuse.
It's apples and oranges, or even
more stark
than that. So, starting with the
Gary Hart
incident in 1987 when he was
seen on a boat
with a woman who was not his
wife, everything
has changed in American politics
in terms
of what's public and what's
private. Certainly,
the Clintons were going through
that for many
years.
Bill Clinton had a special
prosecutor looking
at him for something else, for
the 'Whitewater
scandal" -- quote, unquote --
and it ended
up being a sort of look into his
sex life.
But, there, all they found was
one -- was
an incident of consensual sex.
It had nothing
to do with anything in terms of
sexual abuse.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, something
very different.
Carolyn Ryan...
CAROLYN RYAN: I would just jump
in.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Go ahead.
CAROLYN RYAN: If I could jump in
for a second,
I think David is making an
interesting point.
And one thing that we're seeing
-- and I don't
know if you're seeing in your
news organizations
-- but people are really making
this distinction
between kind of unwanted sexual
advances and
putting it in a different
category from, say,
infidelity and affairs.
And one thing that seems quite
powerful in
this moment is that we're having
a lot of
women come forward on our
comment section,
our on Facebook pages just to
talk about things
that have happened to them
either as young
girls or as young women or more
recently.
And it feels like there's a
broader conversation
about this kind of behavior.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, in fact, we
had a conversation
very similar to that about that
just last
night here on the "NewsHour."
CAROLYN RYAN: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Jon Meacham, what
-- should
there be a standard?
What should the standard be for
what is important,
what's relevant in a
presidential campaign
at this point? I mean, clearly,
if there are
serious allegations of assault,
you would
say yes, but what rises to that
level?
JON MEACHAM: Well, I think the
Greeks had
this right a long time ago. And
that is that
character is destiny. And we can
debate policies.
You opened your broadcast with
two incredibly
important stories, about which
the campaign
is not about, in an
ungrammatical way, Syria,
Yemen.
We are facing enormous
challenges, and we
have one of the major party
nominees who has
brought this kind of tabloid
reality TV sensibility
into the mainstream of our
politics. And so
all of this is important.
Anything is important
as we decide whether or not to
hire someone
to be in charge of the fates of
our children.
And so, in that sense, I think
all of it is
worth discussing. The fact that
Trump is talking
about a conspiracy, talking
about a vast media
conspiracy plays into some of
the oldest instincts
in American life, which is that
there is a
conspiracy out there, you are
not part of
it, but I will make this right.
As Trump said
at the convention, "I alone can
fix this."
That's his only defense at this
point, is
to try to play to this populist
anger, which
is quite real. To me, what's
already concerning
is the day after. That is, if
Secretary Clinton
becomes President Clinton, what
are we going
to do with 38, 39 percent of
Americans who
believe somehow or another that
the media,
in collusion, managed to take
this election
away?
JUDY WOODRUFF: And just pick up
on that, David
Maraniss, because we are -- I
mean, I'm hearing
and seeing everywhere voters. I
was traveling
this week reporting in North
Carolina, last
week in Georgia. Voters are
saying, I don't
want to hear -- this is making
me not want
to vote. I don't want to know
about what's
going on.
How are we to think about that?
DAVID MARANISS: Well, people are
saying it's
making them not want to vote,
and yet the
early returns from the early
voting are that
people are voting in record
numbers.
So it's having that
countereffect. But I think
that things change the day after
an election
in ways that we can't predict,
not that Donald
Trump will go away or his people
will go away.
But there is a tendency to look
toward the
future at some point. And so I
think that,
if Mrs. Clinton is the
president-elect, things
that next day will change in
some dramatic
ways that we can't quite see
yet.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Carolyn Ryan, Jon
Meacham was
saying a moment ago there are
other things
going on in the world right now.
How -- as somebody who is at
such a prominent
news organization, The New York
Times, how
do you decide what to devote
time and resources
to? You don't have infinite
resources. How
much time do you decide at a
point like this
to spend on this or to spend on
where they
disagree on the issues?
CAROLYN RYAN: Well, we're sort
of in a position
right now, especially because
it's the final
stretch of the campaign, where
we have to
do it all.
One of the things that, even in
the midst
of this craziness and sort of
insane part
of the election, the thing that
remains most
popular for us is fact-checking.
And people
still are interested in issues
and where people
-- where the candidates are
right and wrong,
where they want to take the
country.
I do worry a little bit, this
week in particular,
that everything is being
consumed by one story.
But I do think, especially with
another debate
coming up, that there is going
to be an opportunity
to press these candidates about
their vision
and about where they would take
the country.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Jon Meacham, in
the little
bit of time that we have left,
in looking
at the sweep of history, how
much -- how do
historians look on developments
like this
as they involve our presidents
and our country?
JON MEACHAM: Well, the great
question for
historians looking back on this
is going,
to be to what extent did the
Trump campaign
effect reflect deep cultural
divisions?
Only 19 percent of Americans
trust the federal
government. Household income has
been largely
stagnant. There's a significant
gap between
what it takes to live a
middle-class life
and what people are making. And
so to what
extent did this populist moment
tell us about
deep underlying divisions in the
country that
aren't going away the day after
the election?
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, David
Maraniss, finally,
as somebody who's reported, as
we said, on
so many presidents and
politicians, what are
the questions you have at this
point about
Donald Trump, about this
election that you
would like to see answered?
DAVID MARANISS: You know, if I
could say something
self-serving, I think that the
mainstream
media's taken a lot of hits over
the last
10 years.
And I think that Carolyn's
newspaper and The
Washington Post and many of the
other of those
serious journalists have done a
pretty terrific
job this year of trying to
explain the two
candidates in this election. So,
the questions
have pretty much been answered.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You're allowed to
use your
time in any way you want.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Maraniss,
we thank you.
Carolyn Ryan with The New York
Times, Jon
Meacham, thank you, all three of
you.
And, online, we're going to give
you the chance
to watch and interact with every
presidential
debate since 1960. That's at
watchthedebates.org.
As we reported earlier, 21 of
Nigeria's so-called
Chibok girls, kidnapped by the
militant group
Boko Haram, were released today.
But there
is a larger and more
far-reaching menace lurking
in the war-torn reaches of that
country. It's
hunger. Aid groups warn of a
coming famine.
John Yang has our look. And a
warning: The
story contains some graphic
images.
JOHN YANG: There is a calamity
in the making
in Nigeria's northeastern Borno
state. That's
the territory where government
forces have
been fighting Boko Haram for
years. Caught
in the middle, as many as three
million Nigerians,
who, aid groups say, are in
danger of starving.
It is also where those Chibok
girls were kidnapped
in 2014.
Washington Post correspondent
Kevin Sieff
just completed a reporting trip
there, and
he joins us from Nairobi, Kenya.
Kevin, you write this morning in
The Post
about this growing humanitarian
crisis, this
famine. How widespread is it?
KEVIN SIEFF, The Washington
Post: Yes, it's
massive.
We're talking about a population
of more than
three million, far more,
probably closer to
four million. Two million of
them are entirely
inaccessible. So, you have got
humanitarian
actors who have just started to
work in this
place of Northern -- this place
called Northern
Borno state.
But, even so, there are two
million people
who are basically -- they're in
villages or
they're in cities where Boko
Haram still operates
with impunity. And so
humanitarian actors
can't deliver food, they can't
deliver medicine
to two million people.
The other basically
million-and-a-half, actors
have just gotten access to them.
And so there
are food deliveries, but there's
just not
enough food. There's not enough
medicine.
So you're just seeing massive
rates of malnutrition,
dozens of children dying every
day.
I have talked to aid workers
when I was up
there who said they'd never seen
anything
like this. It's just -- it's
huge.
JOHN YANG: In your story, Kevin,
you write
very movingly about coming upon
a 6-month-old
girl in a clinic. Tell us about
that.
KEVIN SIEFF: Yes.
The girl's name was Fana Ali.
She was 6 months
old. She looked like she had
just been born.
She was tiny. She basically had
been malnourished
since birth. And she was in a
clinic run by
Doctors Without Borders in a
small city called
Banki right on the Cameroonian
border.
And she had malaria and
malnutrition. The
doctors tried really valiantly
to save her
in this little clinic with no
electricity,
basically no medicine, almost no
resources
at all.
And, ultimately, they had to try
to get her
out of there, but the place is
so dangerous,
it's so hard to leave by road.
They had to
get an escort from the military,
from the
Cameroonian military. And that
escort basically
just didn't come for reasons
that no one really
knows.
And just after the escort was
rejected, the
baby girl died. And, you know,
it's a tragedy.
And seeing it is horrific for me
and for the
people who were trying to save
her.
But, ultimately, it's the kind
of thing that
is just happening hourly in
northeastern Nigeria
now. It's happening all the
time. There is
just not enough assistance.
There's not enough
food. There are children
starving to death
all -- just all over that
region.
And what I find so striking and
sad about
it is that this has been going
on for a long
time, you know? I mean, these
places were
liberated from Boko Haram about
a year-and-a-half
ago. And we have seen children
like Fana Ali
starving and dying since then.
And assistance
still isn't coming.
JOHN YANG: Why is it taking so
long? Why has
it taken so long for this famine
to become
known?
KEVIN SIEFF: I think part of it
is that it's
so dangerous. It's difficult for
aid workers,
it's different for journalists
to get access
to these places.
And so it took a long time for a
lot of people,
including us, to learn just how
dire things
really were. I think that's one
reason. I
think another reason is, there
was just a
total institutional failure both
at the U.N.
and within other international
NGOs that really
should have known how bad things
were, but
simply didn't have the resources
in Nigeria,
didn't have strong enough teams,
weren't trying
hard enough to find out what the
situation
really looked like outside of
the capital
of the state.
And as soon as they did get
access or kind
of tried to leave the capital,
these horrific
images started coming out. So, I
think it's
a combination of those factors,
and those
factors continue to plague the
response.
Even in places that are
relatively safe, like
Maiduguri, the capital of Borno,
you have
got severe acute malnutrition
rates that are
the highest in the world. You
have the return
of polio, the first polio cases
in Africa
in about two years.
By almost every measure, this is
a crisis
as bad as we have seen anywhere
in sub-Saharan
Africa in a very long time.
JOHN YANG: Kevin Sieff of The
Washington Post,
thank you very much for your
reporting on
this very troubling story.
Thanks for being
with us.
KEVIN SIEFF: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Turning to Iraq,
the battle
for the ISIS-controlled city of
Mosul is now
taking shape, and with it, the
hopes of the
Iraqi government that the last
major foothold
for the terrorist group in that
country can
be retaken.
But what is the overall status
of ISIS?
William Brangham looks for some
answers.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: At its peak
between November
of 2014 and May of 2015, ISIS
controlled large
parts of Iraq and Syria, but,
since then,
ISIS has taken serious losses on
the battlefield
and has lost critical territory.
To understand what this means
for the group's
future, I'm joined by two people
who studied
ISIS in great detail.
Peter Neumann runs the
International Center
for the Study of Radicalization
at King's
College in London. And Rukmini
Callimachi
is a reporter at The New York
Times.
Welcome to you both.
Rukmini, I would like to start
with you, if
you don't mind.
RUKMINI CALLIMACHI, The New York
Times: Sure.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Give us a
status report.
How is ISIS doing right now?
Where are they
operating? And how are they
doing?
RUKMINI CALLIMACHI: They have
certainly lost
some territory both in Iraq and
also more
recently in Libya.
And we have seen that there has
been a significant
dip in their output in terms of
their propaganda.
They're putting out less videos,
less images,
et cetera.
But I wouldn't be quick to
declare victory
of any kind. This is a group
that has shown
itself to be very nimble. And
despite their
losses on the battlefield, we're
seeing that
attacks in the West are
continuing to proliferate.
Just in the last couple of days,
German officials
were able to dismantle a plot in
Germany that
was meant to be against the
Berlin Airport
possibly, and that, according to
the officials
I have spoken to, could have
looked as bad
as the Brussels attack that we
saw in March
of this year.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Peter Neumann,
is there
anything you would add to that
about how ISIS
is doing globally?
PETER NEUMANN, Director,
International Center
for the Study of Radicalization,
King's College:
Right now, there are still an
estimated 10,000
foreign fighters in ISIS
territory.
If Syria and Iraq fall, those
10,000 will
have to go somewhere. Some will
go to Turkey.
Some will try to return to their
home countries.
Others will try to go to other
battlefronts.
So I think the story of ISIS is
not over once
ISIS is defeated in Syria and
Iraq.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Peter, just
staying with
you for a moment, your center
just put out
a study that showed how ISIS is
increasingly
recruiting individuals who have
criminal backgrounds.
And I wonder, just tell me, what
is it that
you have found?
PETER NEUMANN: So, if you speak
to European
security agencies, they will
tell you that,
in Germany, for example, 66
percent of ISIS
recruits were known to police.
The same picture in Norway, the
Netherlands,
Belgium, France. A lot of former
criminals
are becoming attracted to ISIS.
The head of
Brussels police is talking about
ISIS as the
super gang, and it's kind of
true, because
ISIS offers in many ways what
gangs are offering,
a strong sense of identity,
power, a sense
of strength. And it kind of
recruits in the
same areas, often very deprived,
socioeconomically
marginalized areas, the suburbs
of Paris and
those of Brussels.
It's a very different type of
recruit from
the more sort of intellectual
types that we
saw in al-Qaida 15 years ago.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Rukmini, this
seems to fly
in the face of what we -- what
many people
believe, that ISIS is largely an
ideologically,
religiously-driven organization.
RUKMINI CALLIMACHI: I don't
think that follows,
William.
I think that Peter's excellent
report shows
that one of the interesting
outcomes of this
recruitment of people in the
criminal underworld
is that ISIS has put a great
accent in cloaking
their actions in religious
language.
So, for example, one of the
techniques that
ISIS recruits are asked to use
when they're
trying to travel to Syria and
they need to
raise funds for the trip is,
they're told
to basically carry out
burglaries, credit
card fraud, everything from that
to stealing
cars, et cetera.
And the word that ISIS uses to
describe these
stolen goods is canima (ph).
Canima is an
Arabic term which means the
spoils of war.
And it's a term that appears in
Islamic scripture
to describe what happened during
the time
of the Prophet Mohammed, when he
and his companions
were going into areas that they
were invading
and taking the spoils of those
areas. So,
basically credit card fraud
becomes a religious
action, in their view.
When I was in Germany a couple
of months ago,
and I had the chance to
interview Harry Sarfo,
who is a jihadist who was with
ISIS' special
forces, he told me specifically
that ISIS
was looking for people with
criminal connections
for a number of reasons, among
them because,
in Europe, it's not so easy to
get guns, to
get ammunition, to get weapons.
And, so, by tapping into these
criminal underworlds,
they are able to then set up the
networks
that they need to be able to
carry out attacks.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Peter, does
this connection,
seeing this connection between
the criminal
underworld and ISIS offer law
enforcement
any obvious anti-ISIS strategy
that they're
not currently using?
PETER NEUMANN: Well, it
definitely asks them
to think differently, because
becoming pious
doesn't necessarily mean that
you stop being
a criminal, and not being pious
doesn't necessarily
that you're not being radical.
Also, it means that we have to
think, for
example, that things like
countering terrorism
finance in a different way. A
lot of the financing
of terrorist attacks in Europe
never enters
the international financial
system. It doesn't
show up on bank accounts. It is
being financed
through petty crime, through
drug dealing,
through credit card fraud,
through counterfeit,
illicit trade.
And that needs to be paid a lot
more attention
to. In many ways, criminal
policing and counterterrorism
policing are becoming one and
the same thing.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Rukmini, one
of the things
that we have heard a great deal
here in the
U.S. is, President Obama has
said that, as
ISIS continues to lose territory
in Iraq and
Syria, that that is partly why
we are seeing
these attacks domestically, and
that it's
them lashing out, in a sense.
I understand that you don't
necessarily buy
that as a theory. Can you
explain why?
RUKMINI CALLIMACHI: Sure.
I don't buy it because the data
doesn't back
it up. This is a group that was
trying to
send fighters from its earliest
days. And
it had the strategy of exporting
terror at
the same time that it had a
strategy of holding
ground.
Now, what I think is partially
correct and
what the administration is
saying is that,
as Peter pointed out, you have
these 10,000
foreign fighters who are trapped
in Iraq and
Syria right now. Some of them
are, of course,
going to with be killed in
airstrikes and
are going to be eliminated that
way.
But as the caliphate is
strangled and is erased,
those people have to go
somewhere. And so
there is, of course, concern
that the pace
of attacks will increase as
Mosul falls and
eventually as Raqqa falls.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Peter Neumann
and Rukmini Callimachi, thank
you both very
much.
RUKMINI CALLIMACHI: Thank you.
PETER NEUMANN: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now the first of
two perspectives
on the presidential campaign
from business
leaders.
Tonight, economics correspondent
Paul Solman
talks to LinkedIn co-founder and
executive
chairman Reid Hoffman. Hoffman
is a supporter
of and donor to Hillary Clinton.
And he is
speaking out against Donald
Trump.
It's part of our weekly series
Making Sense.
PAUL SOLMAN: In Silicon Valley,
Donald Trump
is anathema to many high-tech
executives.
But billionaire Reid Hoffman is
a rare one
who is defying him publicly.
So, why aren't there others?
REID HOFFMAN, Co-Founder,
LinkedIn: Because
I think they're fearful of
retaliation. And
Trump has shown that he will
essentially attack
individuals, make Second
Amendment jokes,
et cetera, and they're worried
that this will
be bad for their businesses and
bad for them.
PAUL SOLMAN: Hoffman, who made
his billions
founding LinkedIn, running
PayPal and investing
early in Facebook and Airbnb, is
outspokenly
anti-Trump. And he's putting his
money where
his mouth is.
Last month on the Web site
Crowdpac, he pledged
$5 million to veterans charities
if Donald
Trump would release his tax
returns. He has
also bankrolled a game, "Trumped
Up Cards."
What's the fastest way to make
America great
again?
WOMAN: Suing the Constitution.
PAUL SOLMAN: Suing the
Constitution?
(LAUGHTER)
MAN: Fat-shaming Miss Universe.
PAUL SOLMAN: It's the popular
parlor game
"Cards Against Humanity" with a
snarky Trump
twist.
While building Trump Tower, 200
undocumented
Polish immigrants were paid $5
an hour to
destroy what?
WOMAN: Tamper-proof I.D. cards.
PAUL SOLMAN: Tamper-proof I.D.
cards.
MAN: Make America great again
sombreros.
(LAUGHTER)
REID HOFFMAN: It's meant to be
informative
and to enable discourse more
than anything
else.
PAUL SOLMAN: But it also mocks
Trump mercilessly,
prompting this question from
Daily Show host
Trevor Noah.
TREVOR NOAH, Host, "The Daily
Show With Trevor
Noah": Why? Why would you do
this?
REID HOFFMAN: Well...
TREVOR NOAH: Because you
realize, if he becomes
president, you're dead.
(LAUGHTER)
REID HOFFMAN: It's a little bit
actually inspired
by your show and...
TREVOR NOAH: Oh, don't involve
me. No, no,
no.
(LAUGHTER)
REID HOFFMAN: Hey.
TREVOR NOAH: No, no, no.
PAUL SOLMAN: Hoffman gets why
others are Trump-mum
and especially why fellow
business leaders
aren't sharing what they confide
to him in
private.
REID HOFFMAN: People are
legitimately worried,
almost like a schoolyard bully,
if I step
up, am I going to be targeted,
too?
PAUL SOLMAN: And so what you're
doing now
is taking on the bully?
REID HOFFMAN: Yes,
unfortunately. I really
wish I didn't have to. I wish to
be focused
on kind of the business stuff
I'm doing, how
do I contribute to our economic
progress,
how do I help create a future
for American
industry, American middle class,
these kind
of things.
Those things actually really
matter to me.
But it's so critical now that
I'm taking every
available hour and making more
hours than
I have available in order to get
out and speak
on this topic.
PAUL SOLMAN: And you yourself,
when you were
at boarding school, had
encounters with bullies,
right?
REID HOFFMAN: For the first
year, I basically
tried to reason with them. I
tried to say,
look, is this really what you
want to be doing?
Don't we aspire to be something
more?
You know, none of that talk
worked. And the
next year, I showed back up and
I basically
said, OK, here's how it's going
to play. Anything
you do to me, I'm going to do 2X
back to you.
You damage things in my room,
I'm going to
trash your room. You threaten
me, I'm going
to threaten you. That's the new
law of the
land.
And, basically, I was so
convincing that nothing
happened for the rest of the
year. I think
the boarding schools are like
miniature versions
of "Lord of the Flies."
PAUL SOLMAN: But don't we all
have a savage
side? And isn't Silicon Valley a
case study
in the survival of the fittest?
You're in an environment where
lots of people
believe that the way we move
forward, every
person pursues his or her
self-interest in
a libertarian way, a free way,
and we're all
ultimately better off.
REID HOFFMAN: One of the great
strengths of
American culture is this
empowerment of individual,
is the individual being able to
be entrepreneurial,
create new things.
But you create a whole group of
people to
make great companies. It's
employees and investors
and customers and partners. The
fabric of
society, of a network of
relations, is key
to being successful.
PAUL SOLMAN: And we are all then
linked in
to...
REID HOFFMAN: Exactly.
And that's part of the reason
why we also
need to focus on, how do I give
to society,
how do I participate in society,
how do I
make society a better place,
because, by the
way, it's good for me, but it's
also good
for all of us in the environment
in which
we live and work.
PAUL SOLMAN: There is an
opposing view in
the Valley, however, trumpeted
by Hoffman's
longtime libertarian pal Peter
Thiel, fellow
member of the so-called PayPal
mafia and a
Donald Trump delegate who spoke
at the Republican
National Convention.
PETER THIEL, Entrepreneur: Our
economy is
broken. If you're watching me
right now, you
understand this better than any
politician
in Washington, D.C. I'm not a
politician,
but neither is Donald Trump. He
is a builder,
and it's time to rebuild
America.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
PAUL SOLMAN: The appeal of
Donald Trump to
people like your friend Peter
Thiel and former
partner is that things in our
democracy are
broken, gridlocked. We need
somebody strong
to come in, break it up, and be
the ultimate
change agent, and that's what
Donald Trump
represents.
REID HOFFMAN: What I think he
imagines is
that Trump has a policy, that
Trump has an
idea of what to do.
I haven't heard any of those
ideas. All I
hear is sloganeering, vitriol,
personal attacks.
That's not how you solve this
problem. How
you solve this problem is say,
OK, how do
we essentially return to being a
nation of
builders, how do we strengthen
the educational
system, inclusion of the middle
class?
PAUL SOLMAN: What would happen
to the United
States' economy in general and
Silicon Valley's
economy in particular if Donald
Trump were
to become president, in your
view?
REID HOFFMAN: I think the
randomness by Donald
Trump's governing, by tweeting,
sloganeering,
attacking, will create great
chaos in the
entire market. I think people
will have difficulties
in predicting the future. I
think capital
will recede.
We have made a huge amount of
progress over
the last 50 years by enabling
trade, by enabling
kind of collaboration and
learning. And actually,
in fact, when you look at your
average 30-year-old
today, they're much better off
than a 30-year-old
20 years ago, 30 years ago,
because of progress
in technology and health care
and all the
rest of this.
PAUL SOLMAN: But what about all
the people
who are demonstrably left
behind, who are
hurt by trade, hurt by
globalization, hurt
by the progress of technology?
REID HOFFMAN: So, I actually
think we need
to put our energies, as
entrepreneurs, as
technology inventors, as
government, to being
much more inclusive.
I think the key thing is
actually working
together.
PAUL SOLMAN: Well, but the
argument is, we
can't go on as we are, and there
seem to be
a lot of people who think that,
right?
REID HOFFMAN: Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN: And so we have with
to blow it
up or break it down or do
something different
than the way things have been
done up until
now.
REID HOFFMAN: Yes. And so, at
Silicon Valley,
I'm extremely sympathetic to the
revolutionary
response. I not only agree with
it emotionally.
I agree with it practically.
And the only thing I disagree
with is, I don't
think Trump is that. Trump is
blow it up for
no good reason at all. You want
to actually
do revolution with a target,
with an idea,
with building a new system.
PAUL SOLMAN: Aren't there a lot
of people
here in Silicon Valley who don't
believe in
democracy at all anymore at this
point?
REID HOFFMAN: Democracy tends to
be a collaborative
process, a committee, a
consensus.
Silicon Valley tends to believe
in the individual
who creates a small group and
does something
big. Democracy is always
frustrating, but
it creates a society that, for
example, allows
us to invest in each other's
kids, to have
public education, to have both a
greater society
and individual freedom for
creating businesses.
So, I think there are people who
go, oh, this
is all broken, you should throw
it all out.
And that's unwise.
PAUL SOLMAN: How does Trump, or
Mr. Trump,
plan to restore -- quote -- "a
sense of dignity
to the White House"?
MAN: Topless horse rides with
Vladimir Putin.
(LAUGHTER)
PAUL SOLMAN: Or, as the tag line
of "Trumped
Up Cards" puts it: "This is a
game. Democracy
isn't."
For the "PBS NewsHour," this is
economics
correspondent Paul Solman,
reporting from
Menlo Park, California.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, tomorrow,
Paul will talk
to investor Tom Barrack. He is
one of Donald
Trump's economic advisers.
LLOYD BENTSEN (D), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
Senator, you are no Jack
Kennedy.
GERALDINE FERRARO (D), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
I almost resent, Vice President
Bush, your
patronizing...
MITT ROMNEY (R), Presidential
Candidate: Whole
binders full of women.
MICHAEL DUKAKIS (D),
Presidential Candidate:
That I have opposed the death
penalty during
all of my life.
JOHN YANG: Interact with all the
general election
debates on our Web site,
watchthedebates.org.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It was by far the
most unusual
Nobel award in recent times. Bob
Dylan was
given the prize in literature
today. He's
long been considered a legend
for his work
and lyrics in folk and rock
music.
Today, his work was recognized
for its poetry.
Jeffrey Brown has an
appreciation and more
on that decision.
JEFFREY BROWN: He led a folk
revival in the
early 1960s, took it into new
and epoch-making
territory through his use of
language and
imagery, famously went electric
at the Newport
Folk Festival in 1965, and, for
decades since,
to this day, has continued to
perform, record,
impress and sometimes confound
millions of
fans worldwide.
By any measure, Bob Dylan is one
of the most
important and influential
popular songwriters
of his era, and now he is also a
Nobel laureate
in literature. The announcement
came this
morning in Stockholm.
SARA DANIUS, Permanent Secretary
of the Swedish
Academy: The Nobel Prize in
Literature for
2016 is awarded to Bob Dylan for
having created
new poetic expressions within
the great American
song tradition.
JEFFREY BROWN: Though his name
had been fancifully
raised for the Nobel in recent
years, the
choice still came as a surprise,
and his selection
ends a long drought for
Americans. The last
was novelist Toni Morrison in
1993.
Dylan was born Robert Zimmerman
in Duluth,
Minnesota, in 1941. He changed
his name and
came to New York's Greenwich
Village in 1961.
And his debut album came a year
later. He
gives few interviews and doesn't
talk much
about his writing. But he did
speak in Martin
Scorsese's 2005 documentary on
"American Masters,"
"No Direction Home."
BOB DYLAN, Musician: Words have
their own
meaning, or they have different
meanings.
And then all -- and words change
their meaning.
Words that were -- meant
something 10 years
ago don't mean that now. They
mean something
else.
JEFFREY BROWN: And he said this
about the
life of an artist:
BOB DYLAN: An artist has got to
be careful
never really to arrive at a
place where he
thinks he's at somewhere. You
always have
to realize that you're
constantly in the state
of becoming, you know? And as
long as you
can stay in that realm, you will
sort of be
all right.
JEFFREY BROWN: Other musicians
were listening.
JAMES TAYLOR, Musician: It felt
as though
it was a voice from a new world
and that we
were part of it.
JEFFREY BROWN: This afternoon,
another great
songwriter, James Taylor, told
me via Skype
of the influence Dylan had on
him and others.
JAMES TAYLOR: It was the musical
form that
you could approach and you could
try it on
for yourself. And that's sort of
what folk
music was about.
And then he kept changing it up.
You know,
he throwing you a curve. He kept
us guessing.
And it does engage you on many
different levels.
So, there is a sort of deceptive
simplicity
about it, an availability,
approachability.
And then there is just the depth
of the stuff
as -- lyrically, which is really
what is being
acknowledged in this Nobel
Prize.
So, that's -- it's a big deal.
It's huge.
JEFFREY BROWN: David Hajdu,
author of the
books "Positively Fourth Street"
and the brand-new
"Love For Sale: Pop Music in
America," says
Dylan contains multitudes.
DAVID HAJDU, Author, "Positively
Fourth Street":
Most of the history of American
popular music
is contained in his work, from
the blues,
through country, to early rock
'n' roll, including
gospel, because he drew really
freely, liberally,
from all those traditions, and
also from other
traditions, from literary
traditions, from
poetry, from other novels, and
pulled it all
together to make this very
creative, original
stew.
JEFFREY BROWN: Among many
honors, Dylan was
inducted into the Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame
in 1988, and was awarded the
Presidential
Medal of Freedom in 2012.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
Today, everybody from Bruce
Springsteen to
U2 owes Bob a debt of gratitude.
There is
not a bigger giant in the
history of American
music. All these years later,
he's still chasing
that sound, still searching for
a little bit
of truth. And I have to say that
I am a really
big fan.
JEFFREY BROWN: Still, a
songwriter as Nobel
laureate for literature?
Today, novelist Gary Shteyngart
poked fun,
tweeting: "I totally get the
Nobel Committee.
Reading books is hard," while
Salman Rushdie
wrote, "From Orpheus to Faiz,
song & poetry
have been closely linked. Dylan
is the brilliant
inheritor of the bardic
tradition. Great choice."
James Taylor has no doubt at
all.
JAMES TAYLOR: I think it was
world-changing
stuff, or at least it chronicled
the world
as it changed. It helps you
navigate and negotiate
the world. And I think so many
of his songs
were so important that way.
I think it's entirely
appropriate that he
get the Nobel Prize for
Literature.
JEFFREY BROWN: Music writer
David Hajdu adds
this:
DAVID HAJDU: In a way, the Nobel
is a validation
Bob Dylan is a validation of a
whole kind
of literature that is different
from words
on the page.
And I think his singing is
inseparable from
the kind of art that he made,
his nobby, gnarly
singing, the irascibility of his
presentation,
his persona, the convoluted,
complicated,
poetic lyrics and hard-driving
music. All
that came together to make a
unique kind of
art that we could see as
literature now.
JEFFREY BROWN: A Nobel Prize,
and still on
the road. Bob Dylan was silent
about the prize
today. But, tonight, he performs
in Las Vegas,
continuing a national tour.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Jeffrey Brown.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to our Brief
But Spectacular
series, where we ask interesting
people to
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to our Brief
But Spectacular
series, where we ask interesting
people to
share their passions.
Tonight, we hear from author
Rumaan Alam.
He speaks to us about family as
an experiment.
Alam's latest book is called
"Rich and Pretty."
RUMAAN ALAM, Author, "Rich and
Pretty": Subtlety
doesn't work for children. And
anybody who
is raising a child is going to
nod their head
when they hear that.
Your task as a parent is to
repeat and repeat
and repeat yourself, to really
inculcate in
your child your own -- the
values you want
them to hold.
I met my husband on the world's
most successful
blind date. We got married in
the parking
lot of the Santa Cruz City Hall.
And it was
much more romantic than it
sounds. A year
or so after we were married
legally, we became
parents.
I exist within a nuclear family
where there
are no women. It is incumbent on
my husband
and I to raise our boys with an
understanding
of the 50 percent of the planet
who are different
from -- they are.
I am conscious of people looking
at our family
in a different way, and I don't
blame them
for that. A brown man and a
white man with
two little black boys is going
to attract
looks, especially because
they're the two
best looking children on the
planet.
The family that we have built
for ourselves
requires a kind of radical
honesty. We have
no choice but to level with
them, because
children figure out remarkably
early that
babies grows in a lady's tummy.
The choice that a mother makes
to place her
child for adoption is a very
loving and parental
choice. I'm conscious of the
fact that there
will times that that is
something my children
mourn. And that's OK with me,
because that's
how life works.
While many families may look
like they adhere
to the archetype of mom and dad
and 2.4 kids
and a dog, within that structure
of the family,
there's always something that
makes you your
own. And if we all recognize
that, I think
we would be a little better off.
A few years ago, I was flying
out of Florida.
I had my oldest son in my arms.
And the TSA
agent says to my baby, "Oh, it's
OK. We just
need to check your daddy's hands
for gunpowder."
A 2-year-old doesn't know what
gunpowder is.
I thought, well, if I was a
red-headed potter
holding this baby, would he want
to check
my hands for gunpowder?
I am conscious of the fact that
I have many,
many advantages. We are
middle-class people.
We are insulated and protect by
those things.
But we are different. And we
still live in
a society that is still very
suspicious of
difference.
My name is Rumaan Alam. And this
is my Brief
But Spectacular take on family.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can watch
more of our
Brief But Spectacular series at
PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.